








                                    

Before our flight in the afternoon, we got up early and took an Uber to the Mount Eden drop-off point. From there, we walked around the volcanic
crater, which offers panoramic views of the city. There were tons of tourists, and many were taking massive group TikToks, which was pretty funny to see.
        adorable top and a beautiful blue dress!
We still had quite a bit of time, so we had breakfast back at Cooke’s, which was another fire meal with again, great cappuccinos. After fueling up, I did some last-minute shopping at Mecca and chose to buy a couple of products from Mecca Max, as I don’t have that in Canada. I went for their tubing mascara, which has won some beauty awards, and I loved the look of their lip balms that reminded me of the YSL Color balms. Mecca is similar to Sephora but in Australia and New Zealand.
I saw a shop called Ruby, a New Zealand brand that focuses on eco-friendly fashion. A couple of their new collection pieces really stood out to me, so I tried on an
    While I bought a couple of souvenirs, I wanted to bring back something for Tyler. There is an All Blacks Experience nearby in the SkyCity precinct, close to the base of the Sky Tower. This attraction is dedicated to New Zealand's iconic rugby team, the All Blacks, who are known for their winning legacy. I got him a golf shirt with the logo and safe to say he loved it. The airport has options for All Blacks fans at a cheaper price, but it was cool to see the experience before we headed back to the airport.
I always try to eat at places unique to wherever I’m visiting and had to try Best Ugly Bagels before the flight at the airport. The tuna melt was a hearty snack, perfect for chilling at the airport for our long travel home. 🇨🇦
🐦 A Final Note
I had an amazing time in Auckland shopping along Queen Street, trying fantastic cafés, bakeries, and restaurants. Waiheke is a must-see, my mom and I had such a great day exploring. I hope if you’re traveling, I gave you some ideas on things to check out that are uniquely New Zealand, and I can’t recommend Little & Friday and Cibo enough - of course, try Pavlova if you visit! I had a breakfast quiche, which was similar to a meat pie, but I kind of missed out and didn’t try an iconic meat pie from New Zealand, so I will have to next time. 🤞 I hope you enjoy seeing what I got up to with my mom on this mother-daughter trip as well as some behind-the-scenes of my dress fitting!
Are you from New Zealand? I would love to know, and I would love to go back in the summer as well because it truly was a magical place. I felt like I fit right in with the lovely locals that I spoke to. I also noticed the fashion was pretty vibrant, especially in older ladies with funky earrings, glasses, and prints. I met some quite fabulous older ladies on this trip who were bold as ever!
Let me know below if you have any places that you think I should travel to next. Thanks for reading as always!